Update documentation to cover Explicit DemoMode (#821)
evcc-io/docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/installation/home-assistant.mdx

If this folder does not exist, create it manually.

To create or edit the configuration file, you have many options, here are a few:

- [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/hassio-addons/addon-vscode), in Visual Studio Code select the hamburger menu in the top left and choose "File", "Open Folder...", select `/addon_configs/49686a9f_evcc`
- [File Editor](https://github.com/home-assistant/addons/tree/master/configurator), make sure you have disabled the "Enforce Basepath" option in the Addon configuration, restart the Addon and navigate to `/addon_configs/49686a9f_evcc`
- [Advanced SSH & Web Terminal](https://github.com/hassio-addons/addon-ssh), navigate to `/addon_configs/49686a9f_evcc` and use e.g. nano

Under [Configuration](./configuration) you'll find instructions on how to create the content for the `evcc.yaml`.

> If you want to start with a demo, just start evcc with the parameter --demo .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to see the system running in demo mode, just start evcc with the parameter `--demo`.
```
